Add new page for UGM 2024 (#349)
MDAnalysis/MDAnalysis.github.io: pages/ugm2024.md

---
layout: page
title: UGM 2024
---

## When and Where
The UGM will be held in-person across 3 days, August 21-23, 2024, in London, UK at [King's College London](https://www.kcl.ac.uk/visit/bush-house).

## What to Expect

> The UGM will bring together users of the MDAnalysis package from different communities. Our goal is to foster an opportunity to connect for interdisciplinary researchers and developers across biomolecular simulations, soft matter, biophysics and more. Whether you are a new MDAnalysis contributor, an MDAnalysis core developer, or a researcher using (or interested in using) MDAnalysis for your work in academia or industry, this UGM is for you. You can expect:

Reviewer: We only need "bio" once. Instead also mention materials. (I hope @micaela-matta agrees.)
```suggestion
The UGM will bring together users of the MDAnalysis package from different communities. Our goal is to foster an opportunity to connect for interdisciplinary researchers and developers across biomolecular simulations, soft matter, materials science and more. Whether you are a new MDAnalysis contributor, an MDAnalysis core developer, or a researcher using (or interested in using) MDAnalysis for your work in academia or industry, this UGM is for you. You can expect:
```

### Testing
A limited number of rapid self-tests will be made available at check-in for those who would like to test themselves for COVID-19 during the meeting.

*Testing Positive for COVID-19*

Individuals who are COVID-positive should not attend the UGM. If you receive a positive COVID-19 test result during the UGM, please [notify the MDAnalysis UGM organizing committee][ugm_email] and do not return to the event while you are still COVID-positive.

### Face Coverings
Face coverings are not required, but are welcomed. We view face coverings as a personal choice and will support attendees in their choice to wear or not to wear a face covering.

### Social Distancing and Hygiene
While we will be unable to enforce social distancing guidelines during the UGM, there is extra seating capacity at the venue that allows for voluntary distancing. At check-in, you will have the option to indicate your comfort level with social distancing on your name tag.

## Code of Conduct
All members of the MDAnalysis community and participants in this UGM are expected to abide by the MDAnalysis [Code of Conduct][coc] (CoC).

> If you are attending the UGM and wish to make a report, you may contact the CoC Committee members or other event staff/meetup organizers so that they can take any appropriate immediate response. If you would prefer not to do that, please [submit a report][coc_report] to MDAnalysis. The MDAnalysis CoC Committee includes Jenna Swarthout Goddard, Micaela Matta and Richard Gowers, who will identify themselves at the event.

Reviewer: You could link the CoC Committee to the Roles page instead of listing everyone here, so that information is in a single place.

However, if it's best practice to write is out explicitly then follow best practice!

Author: Good idea!

---
layout: page
title: UGM 2024
---

## When, Where, and How

> The UGM will be held in a live, in-person format across 3 days, August 21-23, 2024, in London, UK ([Bush House](https://www.kcl.ac.uk/visit/bush-house) at King's College London).

Reviewer 2: mention Thomas Young Centre!

Author: Added "in partnership with TYC" as suggested above.

## What to Expect
The UGM will bring together users of the MDAnalysis package from different communities. Our goal is to foster an opportunity to connect for interdisciplinary researchers and developers across biomolecular simulations, soft matter, biophysics and more. Whether you are a new MDAnalysis contributor, an MDAnalysis core developer, or a researcher using (or interested in using) MDAnalysis for your work in academia or industry, this UGM is for you. You can expect:
* Keynote talks from experts in the molecular dynamics simulations space (see [Keynote Speakers](https://www.mdanalysis.org/pages/ugm2023/#keynote-speakers) below)
* Talks related to developing and using MDAnalysis for diverse scientific applications
* Tutorials diving into new features
* Direct access to the [MDAnalysis core developer team][coredev] to help shape future development of MDAnalysis
* Networking opportunities to foster new collaborations
* Hackathon and other social outings

## Keynote Speakers

> Keynote speakers will be announced shortly.

Reviewer 2: spring 2024

## Program

> The agenda will be announced shortly.

Reviewer 2: spring 2024

## Registration and Abstracts

> Registration details and a call for abstracts will be announced shortly.

Reviewer 2: we need to give ourselves a deadline. all we need to do here is
- copy paste a new eventbrite, 
- figure out whether we want to charge people for the social event 
- organise the event 
so I propose March 1st or April 1st as the registration start

Reviewer: I agree, just put a date and make it work.

Reviewer: Also, as just discussed at the call, if we have a two-step process of
1. abstract submission
2. meeting registration

then we should make the process clear.

Reviewer 2: How about 
- Feb 1st opening for abstract submission 
- Deadline end of March for abstracts
- Registration + eventual payment opens mid-March?

Author: These suggested dates work for me. I have added them in, as well as added language for the bursary applications.

Reviewer 2: that's ok by me!

## Travel and Accommodation
Participants are expected to make their own travel and accommodation arrangements.

> Citizens of several countries may travel to Portugal to attend a meeting without obtaining a visa. Please visit the [gov.uk][https://www.gov.uk/browse/visas-immigration/tourist-short-stay-visas] website for more information about travel visas. Confirmed attendees requiring a letter clarifying the purpose of travel should [contact the MDAnalysis project manager][email]. 

Reviewer 2: London
